First Draft

*Notes:* 
- gnomes - Dutch
- wood elves - French
- Tall elves - Romanian
- Centaur - Zulu

#Melody (Haven't thought of a title yet)

Background: Melody's parents have sent her to her Aunt's and Uncles house. They didn't tell her why, but it is until they sort through legal stuff in regards of their divorce. Her relatives have never had any children, so she is pretty bored. Plus they seem to argue a lot. Her parents had the opposite problem. They never talked to each other, would turn a blind eye, as if no problem existed. But ignoring a problem doesn't make it disappear...

-------------------

Melody is walking down the street from her Aunts and Uncle's little apartment feeling bummed. They were arguing and she didn't want to be around to hear it. She was heading for the library's little park when she stumbles across a strange door half-sticking out of a wall at a right angle, hovering slightly above sidewalk level. The door looks like a carpenter's version of a steined glass window. It was made up of a bunch of beautiful, differently stained pieces of wood fitted together to form a picture.

People on the street don't seem to notice it and walk right by.

Indeed, this spectacle was strange. Melody could have shrugged her shoulders and gone, "Woah, that's weird." and then walked right past it. But, being into strange, kinds of things, for Melody, this was not an option.

Walking to the door she reaches out and touches the jigsaw of wood and iron. I suppose it makes an interesting picture of some sort, since she pauses to stare at it for a while before reaching for the handle. But since I don't feel like bothering with this detail right now, I'll think up an interesting picture later and have it tie into the plot somehow.

The handle she is reaching for has an engraving of a star on it's face, or maybe it's a sun. It could even be a star with a ton of points sticking out of it. Whatever it is, she grabs hold of the knob to rattle the door to see how stuck it is in the wall.

While being rattled, the door knob completes its function, and the door gets shook open a crack. Shocked, Melody freezes, or stops what she is doing and becomes very still. Through the little crack of door she has made, she can see something definitely not street, or city, or sidewalk, or any of those things. It was a wall, the corner of a wall, of a room, with wood flooring. She lets go of the knob with her mouth probably hanging wide open. Released, the door swings open into the room.

At first Melody just stands there looking at this incredible thing. Can you blame her? Her mind is being blown. Every thing she has learned about the laws of space have just been thrown out the window. Probably a window existing in that very room.

This almost feels like a good place to end a chapter, it's exciting, except there is obviously not a high enough word count. It could be a short intro, a prologue. Or not.

Anyway. Hypnotically Melody reaches forward into the room not believing what she sees. A cold thrill runs up her arm when it encountered nothing but air. Quickly pulling her arm away she regains her composure enough to actually feel something other then wonder.

Standing on one foot and holding onto the door's frame for balance, she leans over to check behind the door so she could look through it the opposite way. She can see right through its frame to the street behind her with her leg sticking out for balance. An intense feeling of curiosity drops into her stomach as she stands upright in front of the door again.

I know you think it's crazy, I think it's crazy, but Melody was getting this crazy desire to stick more then just her hand into the door. Maybe just her head, then her shoulders, then maybe the rest of her.

To be fair, Melody did pause to look back. She thought of worrying her Aunt and Uncle, thought of her parents that she might not get to see again if something happened. But she had been able to take her arm back. Besides, it was just going to be a quick look.

Hesitantly Melody stuck her head inside. Pushing the door completely open she stepped up into the room and squeezed passed the wall. The room was dim, its walls lined shoulder to shoulder with doors.

When she was all the way through her ears popped and an outburst of voices nearly sent her skipping back through the door. The thought of */something, or someone else*/ sharing this strange room with her was terrifying. But the sound was muffled and far away.

The rumbling murmur was coming from a pair of double doors on the opposite wall, the only doors with a stream of light coming out from under it.

The sound of plates clattering to the floor followed by a round of laughter relaxed her a bit.

She hadn't realized her shoulders had been up to her ears.

Turning she looked back the way she came. She could still see the street, as well as inside the part of wall the door dissected.

Getting on her hands and knees she hung her head out and looked under the door down the street. It was nice to know she could still get out if she needed to.

What was once fear was now pure giddiness. She couldn't help but nervously giggle at herself as her insides bubbled with something, -joy. Pulling herself back in she takes off her sandal and tries jamming it under the door to keep it from swinging shut.

Getting up she half tiptoed half scrambled to the double doors. Laying on her stomach she tries to peek under them, but can't see anything past the floor.

Another burst of laughter rolled around the diner. Knives and forks clanked against plates as gruff voices conversed.

Melody lay there listing as shadows periodically crossed her field of vision. She wanted to see more, hear more, know what was going on. Rolling on her back she looks up at the door knobs then away bighting her lip.

In the far corner of the room a spiral staircase twisted up to a railed loft where another row of doors wound around the room. She vaguely wondered what was with all these doors then looked back out the one she had came through.

There was no way she would be going back now. It would be like finding a unicorn offering you a ride, but then going "Sorry, I have to be at the dentist".

Getting up on her knees Melody grabbed the door's handle. A slice of light appeared between the doors. At first she squinted, then her eyes widened in amazement at what they saw.

Big burly men in furs slapping each other on the back and clanking goblets around tables, centaurs leaning against the bar, dwarves swinging their feet under tables, little things, big things, scaly things, winged things, all mixed together having a good time.

For a startling second, Melody thought a serving girl glanced at her as she hurried by. But then she stepped back into view, frowning, exactly in the direction of Melody. So I guess she had really glanced her way.

Grabbing the door knob she yanked it open saying "Kue fet-vue leh-duedawe"?

"What?" Melody squeaked.

"I said" the lady said pulling her out of the room by the hand, "You're not supposed to be in there sweetie" and shut the door behind her.

"Oh, I'm sorry." Melody's brain automatically replied. The waitress smiled and patted her hand before hurrying away.

Melody didn't know what to do with herself so she just stayed where she was staring at the joyous cacophony in front of her.

In the center of the room a man was standing on a table swinging his goblet around as he shouted something above the noise. Every time he paused the rest of the room would raise their mugs and cheer.

Another waiter came whizzing by making her cling to the wall to get out of his way. The same waitress from before came trotting by, golden curls bobbing. She winked as she passed.

Deciding this wasn't the best place to gawk, Melody edged her way to the bar where the company was less wild.

Between each centaur was a stool. A group of Centaurides on the far end had pushed a bunch of the stools to the side to allow them to stand closer together. Climbing up on one she glanced at the two centaurs on either side of her. They didn't seem to notice or care that she was there.

A man popped up from behind the bar making Melody practically jump out of her seat. She had to grab the bar to keep herself from falling backwards off the stool.

"What can I get you today love?!" The bald man said smiling. When she didn't immediately reply he leaned forward and said "How about a glass of milk with a shot of brandy hmmm?"

"Um," Melody stammered, "I don't have any money."

The centaur next to her blew raspberries across the bar. "You don't need any." he said. Gesturing over to the man standing on the table he said, "Fulgair is paying for everyones drink tonight." 

Turning back to the bar he muttered "He could pay for all of Abenter's drinks if it were in here." over his drink.

"So then what will it be, m'sweetie?" the man behind the bar said. A few wisps of hair still floated around his head.

"I think you will have to give this one some suggestions, Ownbehars." The centaur said, eyes twinkling over his mug.

"Well lets see here," Ownbehars said, "What would a kid-y like".

Looking up at the ceiling for some answers he said "I have milk, with any shot of anything you would like, a peach ale, an apple cinnamon, a ginger ale," He frowned a bit, "A blond pear, a honey oatmeal beer, a root beer-"

"Oh! I'd like that!" She said, "Can I have the root beer?"

"Of course m'sweetie!" he said.

He disappeared behind the bar then popped back up again. The mug he gave her was noticeably smaller then the others.

"If you need a refill just holler down this'a ways." he said then disappeared behind the bar again.

Melody took a large gulp of the dark foamy drink, then almost choked on it. It wasn't at all what she was expecting. It wasn't even sweet, and there was a taste like liquorish in it. She stared down at her drink wondering what it was.

The centaur whipped the back of her head with his tail. Melody didn't know how to react, but judging by the other centaur's expression, what he had done hadn't been polite.

"So, dear adventurer" he said with a smirk, "do tell; what is the most daring adventure you have been on till this fabulous night?"

The question almost sounded like a joke, but since she couldn't tell, she just said "Well... I've found this place."

The centaur burst out laughing. The other one continued to scowl at him.

"Pall-eass do not cone-cern yo'self with 'im m'lady" the other centaur said, "Eass no'a jenjen'men." what ever that meant.

This just made the centaur laugh even harder. After he recovered he held out his hand and said "Well that is a good place to start." 

Melody grabbed the hand to shake it, but then the centaur just stared at it like he didn't know what to do with it now that it was there. Awkwardly they started shaking their hands then quickly turned back to their drinks.

Melody asked, "Umm... What about you?"

"Me about what?" the centaur asked, sipping from his mug.

"Your adventures." She said.

The centaur got a glazed look in his eyes.

"Oh, yes." he said as if just remembering that that's what he did. "My travels..."

He then told of strange lands and of exotic places. Of a forest as black as night with ghostly glowing trees. Almost getting eaten by a giant winged lizard. Stumbling across a world filled with dragons. And a centauride, with skin as black as ebony and fur as white as sea foam, walking the desert sands in a far far land. At this point he became quiet.

Melody stared down at her mug. Its empty bottom stared back at her. Somewhere in the middle of all that she had drunk all her beer, gotten a refill, then drained it again.

As the stories had gone on, he seemed to get funnier and funnier until she found herself laughing at every stupid he said. Then he mentioned the female centaur.

Clearing his throat, he said "What about you? Where're you from?"

Melody looked up from her mug. She couldn't think of a reason why *not* to tell him so she said "Austin."

"And I suppose you have traveled from your little town to post a job offer." He yawned.

"Umm..." for some reason her mind kept going blank in the search for the right wards, so- "...No."

He snapped out of his yawn, "Really?" he said staring at her.

His reaction surprised her and made her mind spin. So she just mutely stared back at him.

"You?" He said looking her up and down, "You didn't seem like the type to me at all!"

Blinking he said "Well!" Then a smile spread across his face, "Well! Well, well, well! There's more to you then meets the eye! I think that's great!"

"About time more women joined from other races!" He said puffing himself up. "*Someone* has to keep these men in line," he gestured to the half of the room filled with not centaurs, "And if a women can't do it I don't know what can!" he said clanking his mug down spilling liquid everywhere.

"Can't have centaurides hogging all the fun!" he said winking, "Though my race is naturally quite adventurous. Born kicking, as my grandmother would say..."

At this point Melody had stopped listening. Fireworks were going off in her head. She could become an adventurer? Go on adventures, like him? See crazy places? Adventures?

"Hey, Lumiare! Get over here!" the centaur shouted over the clamor.

The blond waitress that had first found her trotted over carrying a tray of mugs and empty plates. She warily looked at the centaur out of the corner of her eye.

Gesturing to Melody he said "This girl is here to become an adventurer!"

Lumiare's eyebrows raised as she glanced over at Melody.

"I think you should take her over to see Rolsteen." he continued, "She seems like a good type." then added as an aside "Plus I don't think she knows what she is doing. Seems kind of lost."

"Really?" the waitress said, amused. "Is this true?" she said turning to Melody, "You here to become an Adventurer?"

A momentary spike of fear pierced her stomach but was already melting away as the warm glow of the centaur's stories filled her head. Or maybe it was just the worm glow drink filling her head. We will never know. But what ever it was, she was in a freaking bar from a fairy tail! Of course yes!

"Yes!" She said.

Putting her tray on the counter, Lumiare said, "Alright. Would you follow me please?"

Her heart pounding a mile a minute Melody placed her mug on the counter and slid off the stool. When her feet hit the floor, it seemed to tilt away from her a bit before leveling off.

The bar tender smiled down at her from the other side, "Go get'em sweetie!" he said polishing a glass in his hands.

Melody grinned back at him before following Lumiare past the centaur. As she walked, it felt like the floor was floating past her feet.

The waitress led her to a pare of tall doors on the other side of the bar. Grabbing the handles she opened one. Stepping to the side and gesturing with a bow she said "Please enter through this way. Sir Rolsteen should be right ahead; walk up to him and make yourself known. If he is busy he will make you wait. Otherwise, he will walk you through the process of creating your profile."

Nodding she walked in and Lumiare snapped the door shut behind her.

The room was dim. It's walls were completely covered with books.

A tall desk dominated the center of the room. At the top an old man was scribbling away at a manuscript with a feather pen. Candle light flickered off the top of his bald head witch his receding hair line revealed.  

She cleared her throat. The man continued writing. She tried a bit louder. Still no response.

"Sir Rolsteen...?" she attempted.

"Yes, yes what is it?" the man said, "Who are you?"

"Um..." she started.

"Well that's an interesting name Umm," he interrupted. "Tell me Umm, are marauders invading the bar? Have you come to deliver a message? Don't tell me dragons are attacking your town too." 

The scratching of his pen stretched out in the silence between them.

"Well what is it, hmm?" he said looking up.

The man's expression softened as his eyes rested on Melody. "What is it child," he said, "Are you in trouble?"

Melody had to let out her breath. She hadn't realized she had been holding it.

She shook her head in answer to his question saying "Uh, no. My name is Melody Reed. I've come here to become an adventurer?"

"Well have you?" he asked.

"What?"

"Nevermind." he said, eyes twinkling.

Slapping the side of his stool he said "Down!"

The seat and desk whizzed down to a comfortable hight where Melody didn't have to look up at him anymore. The man had a mustache that covered his top lip. His proportions also seemed small, more like a dwarf then anything.

"Pleas take a seat." He said gesturing to a chair in front of his desk with the pen.

The arm chair had red cushions, if you were wondering.

Walking over to it, she sat down.

Leaning forward he said, smiling, "Now, should I refer to you as Melody or Reed?"

"Melody."

"Right." he said leaning back in his stool. Now that Melody looked at it, it had a back like a chair. Twiddling the feather in hes hands he said, "And you wish to become an adventurer, correct?"

She nodded.

"I see." he said, "And what led you to make this decision?"

She blinked. What led her to make this...

"Um, ...Well." she stammered, "I, I found this place."

The man continued to watch her, waiting, listening.

"Well what I mean is... well, I-I. I'm..." furrowing her brow she said, "There, isn't, anyplace, like this... -Where I'm from, I mean. So..." She trailed off.

Nodding his head he seemed to choose his words carefully. Extending his hand across the table he said "And where might that be, love?"

"Austin." there was nothing else she could think of to say.

Furrowed his brow he said, "Austin?" Leaning back and steepling his fingers he continued, "I have never head of 'Austin' before. Tell me, where is it?"

His eyes were intense, taking in every twitch.

"It's," she couldn't thing of any other way to say it, "It's on Earth."

There was a stunned silence between them.

"Earth," he breathed. 

He stared at her as if looking for something; the truth.

"Tell me," his said, "How did you manage to come here from Earth?"

She told him of finding the door strangely sticking halfway out of the wall of a building over the sidewalk, and walking through it. The man listened quietly throughout the story.

"Very few people who walk through that door come here without a reason." He said.

He was leaning back in his chair, fingers steepled, eyes dancing.

"And by what you said earlier, I assume you meant you think you are destined to become an adventurer because, of all places, the door led you here. Correct?" he asked.

At least that's what she thought she meant, so she nodded.

Resting his elbows on the desk he watched her over his hands. "Interesting." he said at length.

Then, "Verywell." he said pulling a sheet of paper out from a stack on his desk. "Please state your full name, any past names, -your family, clan, or place of origin's name,- your parents names, race, and then your age." He said, his voice filled with authority.

Melody took a breath, hoping her voice would sound as official as his, "My name is Melody Renata Reed, I'm from Austin, um," for a split second she though she had forgotten her parents names, "my dad's name is Roger Reed, and my mom's is Marie-Anne Reed, I am 12 years old... Oh! and I'm a human." The whole thing with all the other names confused her, so she had just skipped over that part.

"Melody Renata Reed," he said, "do you swear to conduct yourself with honor and dignity, here and elsewhere, forever, in your pursuit of glory and happiness as long as you claim the title 'Adventurer'?" here he paused looking at her expectantly.

Nodding Melody said, "I do!"

"Do you swear to uphold the law, to not stoop to the depravity of theft, murder, and sorcery, as well as honor and respect the laws and customs, within conscience, of other clans, tribes, provinces, states and countries that you my visit?"

"I do!"

"Do you swear to honor the jobs you take and to complete them to the best of your ability? And in the case of a companion going missing, you would compound your quest and search for said companion till you either find him dead or alive, or until doing such would becomes impossible for you, before you resume the original part of your quest? That you would take care of and honor other persons in your group. That you would take any spoils and riches he may have on his person to their rightful heir if said persons were to fall in battle or by disease?"

"I do..."

"And finally, do you swear to not take any jobs for life-money, or bounties, of those who have not been lawfully sentenced to death by judges in the presence of witnesses. And to not offer, or accept offers, from those who wish to enlist you in battles, or hire your steel for any political purpose that is outside of your country, state, province, tribe or clan, so that the name 'adventurer' shell not be stained with the name 'mercenary'?!" With this point his voice rose to a passionate... something.

In the wake of his crescendo the room felt extra quiet.

"I do." Melody squeaked; or something like that. Whispered?

Nodding he said "Verywell."

Settling back in his seat he said, "Then I, Sir Rolsteen of Havengrove, son of Steenigen, here by approve of Melody Renata Reed, of Austin in Earth's vow, having in my hearing discerned that she is truthful in it, and stand by as witness of her declaration."

Leaning forward he asked, "Can you read child?"

"Of course!" Melody said surprised.

Nodding he slid the paper over to her saying, "And what about writing?"

"Of course." she said, taking the paper.

When she looked down at the paper, at first all the scribbles didn't make sense, then it was like her vision was clearing and she could read. The script was the vow she had just taken. At the bottom of the page were blanks for her name, age, and other information.

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to require your parents consent on this." Sir Rolsteen said tapping one of the blank lines. "Otherwise I can't put my seal on it." 

"But," Melody said looking up. The look on his face startled her into silence. She could tell that it wasn't that he 'couldn't', it's that he 'wouldn't'.

Swallowing she continued, "I'm living with my aunt and uncle right now. Can they do it instead?"

"Has your father put you in their care?"

She nodded.

"Then his words are your father's words." he said leaning back. "Now run along," Sir Rolsteen said pleasantly making shooing motions with his hands, "You want to get that signed and become an adventurer don't you?"

Grinning she said "Yes!" and jumped out of the chair.

"Oh Melody,"

She stopped with her hand on the door.

"Be sure to shut the door behind you."

Smiling she nodded then opened the door.

**This would be a good stop to make the first chapter.**

##Chapter Two

The lamps were just blinking on as she ran past them down the street to her aunt and uncle's apartment.

She couldn't help grinning to her self as she ran through the long shadows the setting sun cast across her path.

Earlier, when she had first ran into the door room, she had been startled to find the door had closed, and was only just being propped open by her sandal.

Good thing she had put it there.

Coming to the intersection she sprinted across before the pedestrian crossing counter could reach 1.

The glass door leading inside her aunt and uncle's apartment complex on the street corner reflected dark purple hues from the sky. It was inserted in the corner of the building, flanked by two pillars and two large pots holding spiky yucca plants.

Avoiding a couple she hopped over a small shrub between one of the pillars and pots.Grabbing hold of the door's handle she punched in the key code. Yanking it open a loud buzzing issued from a speaker as she ran in through the lobby to the stairs, until the door slammed shut. (That is, the buzzing issued from a speaker until the door slammed shut, but before the door slammed shut, she ran in through the lobby to the stairs. Maby I shouldn't bother with the door slamming shut.)

Melody stood in front of her relatives door, hand posed to knock. Should she just walk right in, or really knock? She stood there a moment more before unballing her fist she reached for the handle.

Pushing the door open she heard her aunts sharp voice cut off mid sentence.

"What?" her aunt said turning towards her. She was wearing a long wine colored dress and was in the proses of putting a jean jacket on with one arm in the sleeve. She was standing in front of the counter that stuck out to form a bar. Her uncle was standing in front of her aunt and had caught sight of her before her aunt had.

"Oh! Melody." Her aunt said puling her jacket all the way on. "Where have you been!? I've called you at least a million times! Why didn't you answer?"

"What?" Melody said pulling her phone out and flipping it open. She had two missed calls and a text.

"Oh," she said closing the door behind her, "I'm sorry, I didn't notice."

"Well I'm glad you showed up." her aunt said picking her purse up off the counter. "Davis and I are going on a date and didn't want to leave before we could reach you."

On mention of the date her uncle puled his sleeve up and raised his wrist to checked the time.

"But we really need to go now..." her aunt said ruffling around in her purse and stepping forward.

"Wait!" Melody said, "Do you think you could sign my thing before you leave?"

"What?" her uncle said.

Running past him into the living room she threw herself on the couch and slammed the paper on the coffee table. Grabbing a pen she said, "All you need to do is sign your name here!" pointing to the line.

"What?" her uncle said sitting down next to her.

"What's it for?" her aunt said walking over.

Putting his glasses on, her uncle peered down at the paper before blinking a few times.

"Well.. um," Melody started. If she toled her relatives the truth, she was sure they wouldn't believe her. "It's," she struggled, "for becoming an adventurer... uh,"

Her uncle barked a short laugh as her aunt said "Oh, how cute!" They were reading the vow.

Glancing up at Melody she asked, "Is this a library thing?"

Before Melody could answer, her uncle stood up saying, "Dyan, we really need to get going."

Jumping up Melody started hopping up and down saying "Pleas, pleas, pleas..." over and over with her hands clasped in front of her.

Putting on a pouty face her aunt said "Awe, come on Davy, it'll just take a moment to sign that thing." 

Letting out an exasperated huff her uncle grabbed the pen and scribbled something that could have been a name then tossed the pen back on the table.

"Now we're late." her uncle said steering her aunt towards the door.

"By by Mely!" her aunt said over her shoulder, "Don't let any one in while we're gone!"

Melody waved as her uncle snapped the door shut behind them.

Picking the paper up off the table a worm glow filled her chest. The paper had been signed!

