#Name List

In no particular order.

- Melody Renata Reed, human, female, main character. Dark brown/black hair, blue/gray eyes, light skin.
- Roger Reed, human, male, the main character's dad. He has thick glasses, black hair, black eyes, and is mousy.
- Marie-Anne Reed, human, female, the main character's mother. She is dirty blond, has gray/blue eyes and light skin.
- Ownbehars, gnome, male, bar tender at the Cross Roads Adventurers Inn. Mostly bald with a few wisps intact, honey eyes, light skin, very tall for his race.
- Lumiare, wood-elf, female, waitress at the Cross Roads Adventurers Inn. Golden curls, blue/green eyes, pale skin with a few freckles, short for her race.
- Rolsteen of Havengrove, gnome, male, owner of the Cross Roads Adventurers inn and recored keeper of the adventures in his area. White hair, has a receding hair line that reveals the top of his head, big mustache, dark brown/golden eyes, light pinkish skin, worry wrinkles on his brow.
- Steenigen of Havengrove, gnome, male, father of Rolsteen 
- Umbiko, centaur, male, random adventurer who befriends Melody and convinces her to become an adventurer by his wonderful stories. Dark chestnut hair and fur, black/dark-brown eyes, olive complexion.
- Fulgairs, tall-elf, male, random adventurer who found an empty dragon lair on an expedition he led. White hair, dark eyes, pale skin.
- Davis Reed, human, male, Melody's uncle. Black hair, dark brown eyes, light skin, glasses.
- Dyan Reed, human, female, Melody's aunt. Dark brown eyes and hair, tanned skin.

